create documentation microsite (#56)
disneystreaming/smithy4s: modules/docs/src/01-overview/03-cli.md

---
sidebar_label: Installation (CLI)
title: Installation (CLI)
---

> Beside the provided SBT plugin, smithy4s can be used as a CLI. It allows to generate Scala code and OpenAPI specs from smithy specs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beside the provided sbt plugin, smithy4s can be used as a CLI. It allows generating Scala code and OpenAPI specs from smithy specs.
```

> We recommend using [coursier](https://get-coursier.io/docs/cli-launch) to install/run it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend using [coursier](https://get-coursier.io/docs/cli-launch) to install/run it.
```
